// 1
Question: Characterize the difference between a database hack and a database leak.
Answer: While a database hack involves an active, unauthorized intrusion into a system to
        manipulate or steal data, a database leak refers to the inadvertent disclosure of information,
        without the need for direct manipulation by an attacker.


// 2
Question: In what sense might files not actually be deleted even if you empty the
          recycle bin on Windows or empty the trash on macOS?
Answer: Files aren't permanently deleted when deleted from the Recycle Bin or Trash on macOS. In
        reality, they're just marked as deleted and moved to a different location on the hard drive.


// 3
Question: How do quantum computers differ from traditional (non-quantum) computers?
Answer: Quantum and traditional computers differ in the physical principles they use, the units of
        information they store and process, and the applications for which they are intended.
        Quantum computers are much more efficient than traditional computers for certain types of calculations.


// 4
Question: What is the term for the prevailing method via which public-key (i.e.,
          asymmetric) cryptography enables two parties to establish a shared secret,
          even over an insecure (i.e., unencrypted) channel?
Answer: It's "Diffie-Hellman key exchange".


// 5
Question: What is a salt, in the context of this lecture?
Answer: A salt refers to the process by which an added value is given in the hash function, so that
        the hash value changes. Using a salt value almost guarantees that hashes provided by
        users, even those with the same passwords, will receive a different hash password.


// 6
Question: What is a "credential stuffing" attack?
Answer: "Credential stuffing" is a tactic to try to access accounts. Cybercriminals use tools that try
        combinations of usernames and passwords on different websites and services.


// 7
Question: Suppose that Alice and Bob need to coordinate a meeting, as by
          exchanging emails using Microsoft Outlook, a popular client for email.
          If their emails are encrypted in-transit, who (besides Alice and Bob, or
          anyone with access to their computer) might nonetheless be able to read
          the emails if anyone, and why?
Answer: If Alice and Bob's emails are encrypted in transit, it means that the emails cannot be read by
        anyone intercepting the communication between the servers.


// 8
Question: Suppose that you have been hired to perform some work for Charlie. After
          agreeing to terms, you send the contract to Charlie via email, and, later that
          day, you receive a digitally signed copy from an email address that appears
          to belong to Charlie but isn't the one to which you sent the contract originally.
          How can you be as certain as possible, technologically (that is, without
          consulting Charlie) that Charlie was the one who digitally signed the contract?
Answer: To technologically verify the authenticity of the digital signature in the contract, you must
        use software to confirm the validity of the signature and verify whether it is supported by a
        digital certificate issued by a trusted certification authority, and then compare the certificate
        information, such as the name of the owner, with Charlie's known information to corroborate his identity.


// 9
Question: MD5 is an example of a still popular hashing algorithm that has been in use
          since the early 1990s. Read this article about MD5 before continuing on.
          Note that MD5 is a 128-bit algorithm, meaning its digests (i.e. hash values)
          are always 128 bits in length, and therefore there are 2^128 unique digests
          available. Thus, understand that the article's critique that there is a "high
          potential for collisions," while not invalid or indeed even incorrect, is
          perhaps something that should be understood with a bit of context.
          Suppose that a company has made a large file available for download via
          its website. Why might they also make available the MD5 hash of that file
          (as is indeed a common practice)?
Answer: To ensure the integrity of the file, the MD5 hash generates a string of characters, if the file is
        modified, the MD5 hash will also change.


// 10
Question: Identify one or more significant differences between a cipher and a hash.
Answer: A Cipher focuses on confidentiality, uses two-way operations with keys and is reversible, A
        Hash focuses on integrity, uses one-way operations without keys and is irreversible.


// 11 - Extra
Question: Otkz D zvmizy v amzz kjdio! di ocz wjs wzgjr.
          No, the above isn't random typing! :)
Answer: I earned a free point!