// 1
Question: How does the below HTML tag help to protect your privacy online?
          <meta name="referrer" content="origin"> 
Answer: By setting the "referrer" meta tag to "origin", the browser is instructed to only send the
        scheme and hostname in the "referer" header, rather than the full URL.


// 2
Question: What information is transmitted in the User-Agent HTTP header?
Answer: Information about the browser and device being used to access a website is transmitted.


// 3
Question: We discussed in lecture the concept of private browsing, also known as
          "incognito mode." What is an advantage of private browsing?
Answer: One advantage is that it can help protect user privacy by limiting the amount of information
        that is stored locally on the device.


// 4
Question: Why might a website use session cookies?
Answer: To maintain the state between the server and the browser.


// 5
Question: Tor is software that you can install on your computer that, according to its
          website, "prevents someone watching your connection from knowing what
          websites you visit." How, in no more than a paragraph, does Tor do that?
Answer: Tor is a software that provides anonymous communication by routing internet traffic
        through a series of servers maintained by volunteers worldwide. When a user sends a
        request through Tor, it's encrypted and routed through a randomly selected path of servers.
        Each server knows only the previous and next server in the path, making it difficult to trace
        the origin or destination of the request. Tor's onion routing protocol encrypts data multiple
        times, ensuring end-to-end security. This process protects user privacy by hiding their
        location and browsing activity from potential eavesdroppers.


// 6
Question: In what sense are domain names similar to phone numbers like 1-800-COLLECT or 1-800-FLOWERS?
Answer: Both domain names and mnemonic phone numbers serve as human-friendly identifiers for
        accessing specific resources or services. They are easy to remember and are mapped to
        particular destinations.


// 7
Question: Google Chrome - User Profiles
          NordVPN critiques Chrome (63% market share,  ⭐⭐ privacy rating) on the basis that
          one of Google's primary sources of revenue is "user profiling for ad targeting". 
          How is Chrome able to put together a user profile for that purpose?
Answer: Chrome's ability to put together a user profile for ad targeting relies on the collection of
        browsing data, tracking mechanisms, Google Account integration, and the use of aggregate
        data analysis to understand user behavior and preferences.


// 8
Question: Safari - Fingerprinting
          Safari (20% market share, ⭐⭐⭐ privacy rating) receives some praise in the article
          for its use of "anti-fingerprinting tools".
          What is fingerprinting?
Answer: Fingerprinting is a technique used to identify and track users online based on various
        characteristics of their web browser and device. This can include information such as the
        browser version, installed fonts, screen resolution, and other details that can be used to
        create a unique identifier for each user.


// 9
Question: Edge - Sandboxes
          Microsoft's Edge (5% market share, ⭐ privacy rating) comes in at the bottom of the
          NordVPN list, unfortunately, but receives credit for running in a "sandbox". Why is this a
          good thing for end-users?
Answer: Running a web browser in a sandbox means that it is isolated from the rest of the operating
        system and other applications, and any malicious activity or malware that is executed within
        the browser is contained within the sandbox and cannot affect the rest of the system. This
        is a good thing for end-users because it provides an additional layer of security and
        protection against potential threats such as phishing attacks, malware, and other online security risks.


// 10
Question: In lecture, we discussed the above example of a standard log format that
          might be used by a web server to keep track of user activity, where each of
          the above items prefixed by a $ is effectively a "variable" that will be
          replaced with user data.
          What does the $http_referer variable represent?
Answer: The $http_referer variable in the web server log format represents the URL of the web page
        that the user was on before clicking a link to the current page. It is sent as part of the HTTP
        headers with each request, and can be used by web servers to track where users are coming
        from and how they are navigating between pages.