// 1
Question: Why might being required to change our passwords regularly actually pose a threat to our security?
Answer: Changing passwords very frequently can make them easier to forget due to confusion with
        one of the previous ones, causing them to be waker, among other reasons.


// 2
Question: If I have a six-character password consisting of uppercase (English) letters
          and (decimal) digits only, how many seconds might it take an adversary to
          crack, assuming they make one attempt per second?
Answer: 2176782336


// 3
Question: Humor us for a moment, and play The Password Game, trying to get
          through at least Rule 12.
          While obviously the game itself is in many ways meant to be humorous, it
          also critiques the experience many of us have setting up new passwords.
          Explain how there's a trade-off between usability and security in the context of passwords.
Answer: Passwords should be strong, but also easy to remember, to find the balance between
        usability and security, you can use a combination of upper and lower case letters, digits and
        symbols, somewhat long, don't use personal information, don't use the same password in
        everywhere and use a password manager.


// 4
*Consider the below comic (attach) for the next two questions.*
Question: Consider the top row of the comic above. Why are passwords like those
          easy (for a computer) to guess but hard (for a human) to remember?
Answer: Because a computer can make millions of combinations easily, and find the password easily
        if ther are ahort, for example, "Tr0ub4dor&3" is only 8 characters long and replces "4" with
        "a" and "3" with "e", which maybe it may be difficult to remember, but easy for the computer to guess.

// 5
Question: Now consider the bottom row of the comic above. Why are passwords like
          those hard (for a computer) to guess but easy (for a human) to remember?
Answer: The password "correct horse battery staple" is 16 characters long and is a random
        combination of unrelated words, making it harder for the computer to guess, but easier to
        remember because they are common words.


// 6
Question: What is a "credential stuffing" attack?
Answer: "Credential stuffing" is a tactic to try to access accounts. Cybercriminals use tools that try
        combinations of usernames and passwords on different websites and services.


// 7
Question: Provide a specific example of something that would be considered a type
          of knowledge factor for authentication purposes.
          Do NOT provide any of your own knowledge factors themselves as an answer to this question.
Answer: Security question and its answer.


// 8
Question: Provide a specific example of something that would be considered a type
          of inherence factor for authentication purposes.
Answer: Fingerprint.


// 9
Question: Why are phishing attacks so difficult to prevent?
Answer: Phishing attacks are difficult to prevent due to their deceptive nature and the ability of
        attackers to psychologically manipulate people, these attacks use deception,
        personalization and the use of social engineering, taking advantage of urgency, fear and
        lack of victim care.


// 10
Question: Suppose that your boss asks you whether the company should require use
          of password managers for all employees.
          Explain in a short paragraph why you might want everyone in the company
          to use a password manager.
Answer: Password managers are a very useful tool to improve account security. For one thing, they
        generate complex passwords securely, making it much harder for cybercriminals to figure
        them out. On the other hand, they make it easier to manage passwords, so employees don't
        have to remember them all. This helps prevent them from using weak passwords or reusing
        them across different sites.